fix: Update integration test to work with the new repo structure (#442)
lablup/backend.ai: changes/442.fix.md

> Change formats in test assertions to JSON for fixing mismatches and future consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update test assertions to utilize the JSON output of mutation commands for forward compatibility
```
